June 6 2011 the black copper brands are
about three and a half months old and we
are going to integrate them with the
rest of the flock I feel a mixture of
joy and trepidation joy that these kids
will get to start free-ranging
trepidation about how the big mean girls
are going to respond to them so Eddie's
gonna have to perhaps shoo them out
because this is their first time out of
Copacabana mono kids
oh here they come
not sure what to do never been out oh
goodness
there they go fortunately as a gang of
six used to hanging out together
and we have a couple of roosters so
maybe they won't get persecuted
my kids oh you look beautiful out here
in the Sun look at your little copper
Mane's yeah
welcome to three-dot farm the whole
thing okay there they go
I just hope the feathers don't fly so
far so good
discovering good good yep there goes one
pecking order must be established you
nice girls Wow Trixie you're facing off
the rooster you're acting kind of
rooster ish yeah you got to put him in
his place poor babies
it's inevitable
so you kids are sticking close to home
it's almost dusk so you know where
you're gonna go to sleep tonight for
hands and to roosters
I just nicknamed them fried and
fricassee we're not going to eat them
but somebody probably will because once
this integration process is over they're
going back to the feed store somebody
else can help them good job kids
well fried is already demonstrating his
alpha male behavior keeps calling the
hands back close to the coop getting
them out of harm's way
good job
beautiful birds there little copper
mantle and they'll a dark dark chocolate
brown eggs
it's amazing how they're the flock
behavior how they all stick together
close to their home so tomorrow night
after sunset we'll let them out again
then after that they'll have to hook up
with the rest of the girls